c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.Ribbon1.resources
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.Resources.resources
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\ListeDeGarde.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\ListeDeGarde.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\ListeDeGarde.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\ListeDeGarde.dll.manifest
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\ListeDeGarde.vsto
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\Interop.ADODB.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\Interop.ADOR.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.g.resources
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\MyYearMonthPicker\UserControl2.baml
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\MyYearMonthPicker\UserControl2.g.vb
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.YearMonthPicker.resources
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\GetNonDispos\UserControl1.baml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\GetNonDispos\UserControl1.g.vb
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\bin\Debug\ListeDeGarde.dll.config
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\DrInterface\DrInterfaceWPF.baml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\DrInterface\DrInterfaceWPF.g.vb
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ListeDeGarde\ListeDeGarde\obj\Debug\ListeDeGarde.DrInterfaceForm.resources
